README.md, before:

# node-XMLHttpRequest #

Fork of [node-XMLHttpRequest](https://github.com/driverdan/node-XMLHttpRequest) by [driverdan](http://driverdan.com). Forked and published to npm because a [pull request](https://github.com/rase-/node-XMLHttpRequest/commit/a6b6f296e0a8278165c2d0270d9840b54d5eeadd) is not being created and merged. Changes made by [rase-](https://github.com/rase-/node-XMLHttpRequest/tree/add/ssl-support) are needed for [engine.io-client](https://github.com/Automattic/engine.io-client).

## Usage ## 

Here's how to include the module in your project and use as the browser-based
XHR object.

	var XMLHttpRequest = require("xmlhttprequest-ssl").XMLHttpRequest;
	var xhr = new XMLHttpRequest();

Note: use the lowercase string "xmlhttprequest-ssl" in your require(). On
case-sensitive systems (eg Linux) using uppercase letters won't work.
# Original README #

## Usage ##

Here's how to include the module in your project and use as the browser-based
XHR object.

	var XMLHttpRequest = require("xmlhttprequest").XMLHttpRequest;
	var xhr = new XMLHttpRequest();

Note: use the lowercase string "xmlhttprequest" in your require(). On
case-sensitive systems (eg Linux) using uppercase letters won't work.

## Versions ##

Version 2.0.0 introduces a potentially breaking change concerning local file system requests.
If these requests fail this library now returns the `errno` (or -1) as the response status code instead of
returning status code 0.

Prior to 1.4.0 version numbers were arbitrary. From 1.4.0 on they conform to
the standard major.minor.bugfix. 1.x shouldn't necessarily be considered
stable just because it's above 0.x.

Since the XMLHttpRequest API is stable this library's API is stable as
well. Major version numbers indicate significant core code changes.
Minor versions indicate minor core code changes or better conformity to
the W3C spec.

## License ##

MIT license. See LICENSE for full details.

## Supports ##

* Async and synchronous requests
* GET, POST, PUT, and DELETE requests
* All spec methods (open, send, abort, getRequestHeader,
  getAllRequestHeaders, event methods)
* Requests to all domains

## Known Issues / Missing Features ##

For a list of open issues or to report your own visit the [github issues
page](https://github.com/driverdan/node-XMLHttpRequest/issues).

* Local file access may have unexpected results for non-UTF8 files
* Synchronous requests don't set headers properly
* Synchronous requests freeze node while waiting for response (But that's what you want, right? Stick with async!).
* Some events are missing, such as abort
* getRequestHeader is case-sensitive
* Cookies aren't persisted between requests
* Missing XML support
* Missing basic auth

Commit message:

fix: use maxRedirects instead of max_redirects, failing tests now result in non-zero exit-code, add docs for new options, bump version to 3.1.0

README.md, after:

# node-XMLHttpRequest #

Fork of [node-XMLHttpRequest](https://github.com/driverdan/node-XMLHttpRequest) by [driverdan](http://driverdan.com). Forked and published to npm because a [pull request](https://github.com/rase-/node-XMLHttpRequest/commit/a6b6f296e0a8278165c2d0270d9840b54d5eeadd) is not being created and merged. Changes made by [rase-](https://github.com/rase-/node-XMLHttpRequest/tree/add/ssl-support) are needed for [engine.io-client](https://github.com/Automattic/engine.io-client).

## Usage ## 

Here's how to include the module in your project and use as the browser-based
XHR object.

	var XMLHttpRequest = require("xmlhttprequest-ssl").XMLHttpRequest;
	var xhr = new XMLHttpRequest();

Note: use the lowercase string "xmlhttprequest-ssl" in your require(). On
case-sensitive systems (eg Linux) using uppercase letters won't work.

### Non-standard features ###

Non-standard options for this module are passed through the `XMLHttpRequest` constructor. The following options control `https:` SSL requests: `ca`, `cert`, `ciphers`, `key`, `passphrase`, `pfx`, and `rejectUnauthorized`. You can find their functionality in the [Node.js docs](https://nodejs.org/api/https.html#httpsrequestoptions-callback).

Additionally, the `agent` option allows you to specify a [Node.js Agent](https://nodejs.org/api/https.html#class-httpsagent) instance, allowing connection reuse.

To prevent a process from not exiting naturally because a request socket from this module is still open, you can set `autoUnref` to a truthy value.

This module allows control over the maximum number of redirects that are followed. You can set the `maxRedirects` option to do this. The default number is 20.

Using the `allowFileSystemResources` option allows you to control access to the local filesystem through the `file:` protocol.

The `origin` option allows you to set a base URL for the request. The resulting request URL will be constructed as follows `new URL(url, origin)`.

# Original README #

## Versions ##

Version 2.0.0 introduces a potentially breaking change concerning local file system requests.
If these requests fail this library now returns the `errno` (or -1) as the response status code instead of
returning status code 0.

Prior to 1.4.0 version numbers were arbitrary. From 1.4.0 on they conform to
the standard major.minor.bugfix. 1.x shouldn't necessarily be considered
stable just because it's above 0.x.

Since the XMLHttpRequest API is stable this library's API is stable as
well. Major version numbers indicate significant core code changes.
Minor versions indicate minor core code changes or better conformity to
the W3C spec.

## License ##

MIT license. See LICENSE for full details.

## Supports ##

* Async and synchronous requests
* GET, POST, PUT, and DELETE requests
* All spec methods (open, send, abort, getRequestHeader,
  getAllRequestHeaders, event methods)
* Requests to all domains

## Known Issues / Missing Features ##

For a list of open issues or to report your own visit the [github issues
page](https://github.com/driverdan/node-XMLHttpRequest/issues).

* Local file access may have unexpected results for non-UTF8 files
* Synchronous requests don't set headers properly
* Synchronous requests freeze node while waiting for response (But that's what you want, right? Stick with async!).
* Some events are missing, such as abort
* getRequestHeader is case-sensitive
* Cookies aren't persisted between requests
* Missing XML support
* Missing basic auth
